That way is blocked.
That way is blocked.
END
You are in the forest north of UTM. You feel as if you should leave as soon as possible.
You are in the forest north of UTM. You have never been here before, and there is zero chance that anything you would
be looking for would be here. You should probably turn around and leave as soon as possible. You wouldn't want anything
bad to happen to you just hours before your exam, would you?
END
You are in IB.
You are in IB. Here is where most large classes take place, and here is where your exam will be. Just looking at the
front doors to the large lecture halls make you anxious. You really can't afford to fail this test, as you have been
slacking off all year. You should start looking for your things before the test starts.
END
You are in the Library. Remember to be quiet.
You are in the Library. As you walk in you see a sign remembinding people to turn in there overdue books. The librarian
looks at you sternly, as if to say; "You better not open your mouth, so help me god.". You consider studying here, but
all of the study rooms here are full, as always.
END
You are in the parking lot outside the RAWC.
You are standing in the UTM parking lot. You wonder what you are doing here, as you don't own a car. You should probably
go find your things before your exam starts.
END
You are in Deerfield Hall.
You are in Deerfield Hall. You usually are only here for around 5 minutes to hand in your labs. You see the large glass
cases that hold way too lifelike mannequins that you always felt were a little creepy. On the second floor is are the
study rooms that you never enter, as you prefer to study in your room. Also on the second floor is the computer labs,
which house some of the only computers with an ethernet connection on campus. You briefly lament over the schools shitty
internet connection before you decide to move on.
END
You are on the soccer field.
You are now on the UTM soccer field. The only experience you have with this location is walking by when going to and
from class. The entire concept of sports is somewhat foreign to you. Come on, you didn't think that someone who is in
Computer Science could ever be good at sports, did you? You briefly remember when jocks would slam you against the
locker in high school, but before you start to break down and cry, you decide to move on.
END
You are in the CCT Building.
You are in the CCT Building. You briefly shed a tear over the proofs class you struggled through last semester (I mean,
1 + 1 = 0? How does that even make any sense?). Downstairs there is the Tim Horton's express, which has kept you awake
through many a boring classes. Upstairs is a computer lab with ethernet connection, where some of your friends go to
play League of Legends with a somewhat stable connection. You think about how UTM should really get better internet, but
stop before you start ranting to the first person you see.
END
You are in the RAWC.
You are in the RAWC. You have been here only once before when you decided to start you're workout plan to get into
better shape. That didn't really work out, did it. You are surrounded with people with a better work ethic than you, who
can actually go to the pool without feeling like a loser. You decide to work past your shame to try and find what you
need for the exam.
END
You are in Oscar Peterson Hall.
You are in Oscar Peterson Hall. This is where you spend most of your time, as you eat and sleep here. Your room looks
like a tornado just passed through here, but you don't have time to clean it up. You consider getting some food, which
you can buy with your T Card.
END
You are in the Student Center.
You are in the Student Center. Here is where the UTMSU has it's home base, so you decide to spend as little time here as
possible. Connecting is the Blind Duck, where student's can go to eat, or on some nights waste their meal plan money on
getting drunk. The bartender is super lazy and only checks if a student has an upper year T Card before serving them
alcohol.
END
You are in Davis building.
You are in Davis building, the only place on campus where the food is really any good. You see some people currently
writing exams in the classrooms, considering yourself lucky that you don't have to write on those tiny desks. There is
a Tim Horton's that always has a super long line. You want to get something to wake yourself up, but you might miss your
exam if you try to wait in that long line.
END
You are in one of the townhouse communities.
You are in one of the townhouse communities. Here is where some residence students are lucky enough to have an actual
kitchen, but unluck enough to be living with three other people, with a room half the size as yours. Almost every Friday
night there is a party going on around here, but you aren't the partying type, so you usually don't hang around there
much. Some drunk kid is passed out by a bush. They strangely look a lot like you, but you hope you don't end up in the
same position.
END
You are by the bus stop.
You are by the bus stop. Here could be your ticket to freedom. You have a bus pass, so you could just leave this campus
and never come here again. You could probably get a job flipping burgers for the rest of your life, but that wouldn't be
so bad, would it? It would be better than all the stress you are feeling right now. You could never speak to your
parents again. You could move to another province? You probably shouldn't, but it's so tempting. All you would need to
do is use your bus pass here and it would all end.
END
